Mac String: This SF Mono Font (the “Apple Font”) is licensed to you by Apple Inc. (“Apple”) in consideration of your agreement to the following terms. If you do not agree with these terms, do not use the Apple Font.
  
  You may use the Apple Font solely in conjunction with Apple-branded applications, including, but not limited to, Xcode, Terminal.app and Console.app. You may not embed or use the Apple Font in or with any other software applications or programs or other products and you may not use the Apple Font to create, develop, display or otherwise distribute any content, documentation, artwork or any other work product.
  
  You may use the Apple Font only for the purposes described in this License or as otherwise expressly permitted by Apple in writing.
  Windows String: This SF Mono Font (the “Apple Font”) is licensed to you by Apple Inc. (“Apple”) in consideration of your agreement to the following terms and the terms of the License Agreement for the Apple SF Mono Font that was presented upon the downloading of the Apple Font. If you do not agree with these terms and the terms of the License Agreement for the Apple SF Mono Font, do not use the Apple Font.  
  
  You may use the Apple Font solely for creating mock-ups of user interfaces to be used in software products running on Apple’s iOS, iPadOS, macOS or tvOS operating systems, as applicable. The foregoing right includes the right to show the Apple Font in screen shots, images, mock-ups or other depictions, digital and/or print, of such software products running solely on iOS, iPadOS, macOS or tvOS.
  
  The grants set forth in this License do not permit you to, and you agree not to, install, use or run the Apple Font for the purpose of creating mock-ups of user interfaces to be used in software products running on any non-Apple operating system or to enable others to do so. You may not embed the Apple Font in any software programs or other products. Except as expressly provided for herein, you may not use the Apple Font to, create, develop, display or otherwise distribute any documentation, artwork, website content or any other work product.
  
  You may use the Apple Font: (i) only for the purposes described in this License and the License Agreement for the Apple SF Mono Font; and (ii) only if you are a Registered Apple Developer, or as otherwise expressly permitted by Apple in writi
